fix_814 (#816)
Exiv2/exiv2: README-CONAN.md

##### Static Builds

The default builds of Exiv2 and sample applications build and use DLLs.

> To build static libraries, use the cmake option -DBUILD\_SHARED\_LIBS=Off.  You will probably also want to use the static run-time.  The default is to use the dynamic run-time library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build static libraries, use the cmake option `-DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=Off`.  You will probably also want to use the static run-time.  The default is to use the dynamic run-time library.
```

|:---                  |:---------           |:-------------------|
| **profile setting**  | compiler.runtime=MT | compiler.runtime=MTd |

> If you receive a linker warning concerning LIBCMT, it is because you are attempting to link libraries which have been built with different run-time libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive a linker warning concerning `LIBCMT`, it is because you are attempting to link libraries which have been built with different run-time libraries.
```

> You should everything with dynamic or static run-time.  It is OK to build static libraries that use the dynamic run-time library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should do everything with dynamic or static run-time.  It is OK to build static libraries that use the dynamic run-time library.
```

> You should do everything with dynamic or static run-time.  It is OK to build static libraries that use the dynamic run-time library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should build everything using the dynamic or static run-time. Note, that it is possible to build static libraries that use the dynamic run-time library.
```

Author: Can we say "You should link everything with the dynamic or static run-time. You can link a static library with the dynamic run-time if you wish."

Reviewer: Updated my comment accordingly.
